Are you okay girl
Where is the jade pendant?
What jade pendant?
Are you looking in the wrong place?
I have never heard of the credit of the commander-in-chief of the Dragon City Army
OK
Brother, forgive me!
You are with my boss
Girl, it's alright, let's go
Girl, what's wrong with your foot?
I just accidentally twisted it.
I have paid the money, pay attention to safety, eh?
Take me to find Xingtian Leopard
Looking for Brother Bao, you will laugh to death
I'm sick, I'm dying
Come and serve me well
Brother, do you think there are still people outside you?
Hurry up and call the jade pendant
Save your life
You are the Young Marshal Luo Xiao of Dragon City